1.1  Write a program in C to print "Hello, World!".
1.2  Write a program in C to find the sum and product of two numbers.
1.3  Write a program in C to convert Centigrade to Farhenheit and vice versa.
1.4  Write a program in C to calculate the area of a triangle with base and height.
1.5  Write a program in C to calculate the area of a circle.
1.6  Write a program in C to calculate the area of a triangle with Heron's Formula.
1.7  Write a program in C to print the ASCII value of a character.
1.8  Write a program in C to swap two numbers using a third variable.
1.9  Write a program in C to swap two numbers without using a third variable.
1.10 Write a program in C to find the area of a rectangle and square.
1.11 Write a program in C to find the simple interest for a given principal value and for a given period of time.
1.12 Write a program in C to swap two numbers using bitwise operator.
1.13 Write a program in C to print a value using the preincrement operator.
1.13 write a program in C to print the value using preincrement and post increment operator.
1.14 write a program in C to do the operations using sizeof operator with different entities.

2.1  Write a program to check whether the input number is odd or even.
2.2  Write a program to check whether input number is positive or negative.
2.3  Write a program to check whether the input value is an alphabet or not.
2.4  Write a program to find the greatest among 3 numbers using simple if statement.
2.5  Write a program to find the greatest among 3 numbers using conditional statement.
2.6  Write a program to find the greatest among 3 numbers.
2.7  Write a program to check whether the input character is vowel or not.
2.8  Write a program to convert uppercase letter to lowercase and vice versa.
2.9  Write a program to check whether the input year is a leap year or not.
2.10 Write a program to input the angles of a triangle and check whether the triangle is valid or not.
2.11 Write a program to find the roots of a quadratic equation.
2.12 Write a program to perform the operations of a simple calculator by using switchcase statement.
